TimeLog.md, before:

# Time Log

| Date | Task | Hours | Notes|
|------|------|-------|------|
| WEEK 1 Activities |  | |
| 9/2/2020| Joined slack and set up Git account | 2 | |
| 9/3/2020| Created JetBrains account. Setup IntelliJ on my laptop | 3 | |
| 9/4/2020| Set up Tomcat and MySQL on the laptop | 4 | |
| | |  | |
| WEEK 2 Activities |  | |
| 9/7/2020| Went through the course schedule, syllabus, indie project and team project details. Reading on GIT, Maven, IntelliJ | 4 | |
| 9/8/2020| watched week1 videos and the follow up videos | 4 | |
| 9/9/2020| worked on week1 exercise. Tried setting up tomcat on laptop | 3 | |
| 9/10/2020| Watched a youtube video on IntelliJ presentation | 3 | |
| 9/13/2020| Worked on week 2 activities, git practice and creating a new repository on github for individual project | 4 | |
| | |  | |
| WEEK 3 Activities |  | |
| 9/14/2020| Updated problem statement for individual project and created TimeLog.md file | 1 | |
| 9/15/2020| Updated TimeLog.md with weekly activities. Finished activity3 of week2 | 2 | |
| 9/17/2020| Did reading from class material for log4j-logging and JUnit-unit testing | 2 | |
| 9/18/2020| Started working on weekly demos and activities by watching weekly videos | 4 | |
| 9/19/2020| Finished the demos and activities by watching more weekly videos | 4 | |
| 9/20/2020| Started working on the week 3 exercise and watched related videos | 4  | |
| | |  | |
| WEEK 4 Activities |  | |
| 9/22/2020| Finished week 3 exercise with captcha sum and 100% code coverage and started working on indie project | 4  | |
| 9/23/2020| Worked on indie project user stories, design screens, TimeLog, project plan, and problem statement | 5 | |
| 9/24/2020| Changed the layout of the spots screen by adding options for editing and deleting a spot | 2 | |
| 9/25/2020| Added a background image to the home page. Added screen to add a spot by entering coordinates of a map. Updated TimeLog.md and also added applicationFlow.md file | 5 | |
| 9/26/2020| Started reading week4 related material | 2  | |
| 9/27/2020| More reading on week4 material and started watching weekly videos | 4 | |
| | |  | |
| WEEK 5 Activities | |  | |
| 9/28/2020| Started working on week4 exercise | 3  | |
| 9/29/2020| Worked on week4 exercise and watched week4 videos again | 4  | |
| 9/30/2020| Continued working on week4 exercise and attended webex class | 5  | |
| 10/1/2020| Finished week4 assignment and pushed to github and updated TimeLog.md file | 3  | |
| 10/2/2020| Started reading class notes for week5 | 2 | |
| 10/2/2020| More reading on week5 class notes and started watching week5 videos | 3 | |
| 10/4/2020| Continued watching week5 videos and also updated week4 exercise based on feedback | 4 | |
| | |  | | 
| WEEK 6 Activities | |  | |
| 10/5/2020| Finished watching videos and started working the week5 assignment | 3 | |
| 10/6/2020| Continued working on week5 assignment | 3 | |
| 10/7/2020| Kept working on week5 assignment and attended webex class | 6 | |
| 10/8/2020| Worked on week5 assignment and implemented the tests | 3 | |
| 10/9/2020| Started working on displaying the results on a jsp page | 4 | |
| 10/10/2020| Finished implementing the code to display the search results on a jsp page | 4 | |
| 10/11/2020| Implemented GenericDao, equals() and hashtag() methods and pushed week5 work to github | 5 | |
| | |  | |
| WEEK 7 Activities | |  | |
| 10/12/2020| Updated TimeLog.md file and started working on checkpoint# 2 | 4 | |
| 10/13/2020| Worked on designing the Database for Indie project and started building entities, Generic Dao, unit tests | 4 | |
| 10/14/2020| Finished implementing the code for CheckPoint#2 and attended webEx class | 8 | |
| 10/15/2020| Started working on week6 work with set up of AWS and updated TimeLog file | 3 | |
| 10/16/2020| Finished AWS setup and started working on week6 exercise | 3 | |
| 10/17/2020| Watched videos and implemented code | 3 | Tried to fix hibernate.dialect error |
| 10/18/2020| Watched videos again and tried to fix hibernate.dialect error  | 8 | |
| | |  | |
| WEEK 8 Activities | |  | |
| 10/19/2020| Finished week6 exercise and deployed the work on AWS. Started with week7 work | 6 | |
| 10/20/2020| Did week7 reading, watched videos, updated TimeLog file and started implementing code | 4 | |
| 10/21/2020| Worked on week7 exercise and made it work in the VM. Attended webex class | 8 | |
| 10/22/2020| Finished week7 work by implementing code for the AWS and pushed to github. Updated TimeLog.md | 4 | |
| 10/23/2020| Started with week 8. Studied the course material for week 8 | 3 | |
| 10/24/2020| Did more reading on week 8 and started watching the videos for week8 | 6 | |
| 10/25/2020| Finished week8 activities - working with SOAPUI, implementing a REST webservice | 8 | |
| | |  | |
| WEEK 9 Activities | |  | |
| 10/26/2020| Started working on week8 exercise. Implementing ZipCodesByRadius REST webservice in Indie project | 6 | |
| 10/27/2020| Finished week8 exercise and worked on implementing GoogleMapsAPI in Indie project | 5 | |
| 10/28/2020| Pushed week8 work to Github, updated TimeLog.md file and started working on Professional Development presentation | 3 | |
| 10/31/2020| Started with week9 readings and videos | 5 | |
| 11/1/2020| Started working on the activities and the exercise | 3 | |
| | |  | |
| WEEK 10 Activities | |  | |
| 11/2/2020| Worked on week9 exercise | 3 | |
| 11/3/2020| Worked on week9 exercise | 3 | |
| 11/4/2020| Finished week9 exercise in creating a web service and attended weekly webex class | 8 | |
| | |  | |
| WEEK 11 Activities | |  | |
| 11/9/2020| Worked on integrating the google maps api in the indie project | 3  | |
| 11/10/2020| Continued working on integrating the google maps and the zip code API's in the indie project | 3  | |
| 11/11/2020| Worked on week10 activity, provided feedbacks for professional development presentations and updated Timelog.md file | 5  | |
| 11/11/2020| Finalized on the team project and conceptualized the idea | 3  | |
| 11/12/2020| Met with the team on Discord.com and searched for API's to use in the team project | 4  | |
| 11/13/2020| Searched for API's and found 3 API's that are to be consumed in the team project | 4  | |
| 11/14/2020| Initial implementation of web service's classes for team project | 5 | |
| | |  | |
| WEEK 12 Activities| |  | |
| 11/15/2020| Implemented the tests for the 3 web service API Dao's in team project | 5 | |
| 11/16/2020| Worked on the index and results page for the team project | 4 | |
| 11/17/2020| Worked on the results page to fix the display | 4  | |
| 11/18/2020| Fixed the display for results.jsp, attended class on webex and did team project presentation | 4 | |
| 11/19/2020 to 11/22/2020| Implemented different features in the team project like w3.css styling in jsp pages, moved the API keys to a properties file, improvised on the service calling | 15 | |
| | |  | |
| WEEK 13 Activities| |  | |
| 11/23/2020| Updated the TimeLog.md file and resumed working on the individual project | 4 | |

Commit message:

updated TimeLog.md file and added screenshots of final designs

TimeLog.md, after:

# Time Log

| Date | Task | Hours | Notes|
|------|------|-------|------|
| WEEK 1 Activities |  | |
| 9/2/2020| Joined slack and set up Git account | 2 | |
| 9/3/2020| Created JetBrains account. Setup IntelliJ on my laptop | 3 | |
| 9/4/2020| Set up Tomcat and MySQL on the laptop | 4 | |
| | |  | |
| WEEK 2 Activities |  | |
| 9/7/2020| Went through the course schedule, syllabus, indie project and team project details. Reading on GIT, Maven, IntelliJ | 4 | |
| 9/8/2020| watched week1 videos and the follow up videos | 4 | |
| 9/9/2020| worked on week1 exercise. Tried setting up tomcat on laptop | 3 | |
| 9/10/2020| Watched a youtube video on IntelliJ presentation | 3 | |
| 9/13/2020| Worked on week 2 activities, git practice and creating a new repository on github for individual project | 4 | |
| | |  | |
| WEEK 3 Activities |  | |
| 9/14/2020| Updated problem statement for individual project and created TimeLog.md file | 1 | |
| 9/15/2020| Updated TimeLog.md with weekly activities. Finished activity3 of week2 | 2 | |
| 9/17/2020| Did reading from class material for log4j-logging and JUnit-unit testing | 2 | |
| 9/18/2020| Started working on weekly demos and activities by watching weekly videos | 4 | |
| 9/19/2020| Finished the demos and activities by watching more weekly videos | 4 | |
| 9/20/2020| Started working on the week 3 exercise and watched related videos | 4  | |
| | |  | |
| WEEK 4 Activities |  | |
| 9/22/2020| Finished week 3 exercise with captcha sum and 100% code coverage and started working on indie project | 4  | |
| 9/23/2020| Worked on indie project user stories, design screens, TimeLog, project plan, and problem statement | 5 | |
| 9/24/2020| Changed the layout of the spots screen by adding options for editing and deleting a spot | 2 | |
| 9/25/2020| Added a background image to the home page. Added screen to add a spot by entering coordinates of a map. Updated TimeLog.md and also added applicationFlow.md file | 5 | |
| 9/26/2020| Started reading week4 related material | 2  | |
| 9/27/2020| More reading on week4 material and started watching weekly videos | 4 | |
| | |  | |
| WEEK 5 Activities | |  | |
| 9/28/2020| Started working on week4 exercise | 3  | |
| 9/29/2020| Worked on week4 exercise and watched week4 videos again | 4  | |
| 9/30/2020| Continued working on week4 exercise and attended webex class | 5  | |
| 10/1/2020| Finished week4 assignment and pushed to github and updated TimeLog.md file | 3  | |
| 10/2/2020| Started reading class notes for week5 | 2 | |
| 10/2/2020| More reading on week5 class notes and started watching week5 videos | 3 | |
| 10/4/2020| Continued watching week5 videos and also updated week4 exercise based on feedback | 4 | |
| | |  | | 
| WEEK 6 Activities | |  | |
| 10/5/2020| Finished watching videos and started working the week5 assignment | 3 | |
| 10/6/2020| Continued working on week5 assignment | 3 | |
| 10/7/2020| Kept working on week5 assignment and attended webex class | 6 | |
| 10/8/2020| Worked on week5 assignment and implemented the tests | 3 | |
| 10/9/2020| Started working on displaying the results on a jsp page | 4 | |
| 10/10/2020| Finished implementing the code to display the search results on a jsp page | 4 | |
| 10/11/2020| Implemented GenericDao, equals() and hashtag() methods and pushed week5 work to github | 5 | |
| | |  | |
| WEEK 7 Activities | |  | |
| 10/12/2020| Updated TimeLog.md file and started working on checkpoint# 2 | 4 | |
| 10/13/2020| Worked on designing the Database for Indie project and started building entities, Generic Dao, unit tests | 4 | |
| 10/14/2020| Finished implementing the code for CheckPoint#2 and attended webEx class | 8 | |
| 10/15/2020| Started working on week6 work with set up of AWS and updated TimeLog file | 3 | |
| 10/16/2020| Finished AWS setup and started working on week6 exercise | 3 | |
| 10/17/2020| Watched videos and implemented code | 3 | Tried to fix hibernate.dialect error |
| 10/18/2020| Watched videos again and tried to fix hibernate.dialect error  | 8 | |
| | |  | |
| WEEK 8 Activities | |  | |
| 10/19/2020| Finished week6 exercise and deployed the work on AWS. Started with week7 work | 6 | |
| 10/20/2020| Did week7 reading, watched videos, updated TimeLog file and started implementing code | 4 | |
| 10/21/2020| Worked on week7 exercise and made it work in the VM. Attended webex class | 8 | |
| 10/22/2020| Finished week7 work by implementing code for the AWS and pushed to github. Updated TimeLog.md | 4 | |
| 10/23/2020| Started with week 8. Studied the course material for week 8 | 3 | |
| 10/24/2020| Did more reading on week 8 and started watching the videos for week8 | 6 | |
| 10/25/2020| Finished week8 activities - working with SOAPUI, implementing a REST webservice | 8 | |
| | |  | |
| WEEK 9 Activities | |  | |
| 10/26/2020| Started working on week8 exercise. Implementing ZipCodesByRadius REST webservice in Indie project | 6 | |
| 10/27/2020| Finished week8 exercise and worked on implementing GoogleMapsAPI in Indie project | 5 | |
| 10/28/2020| Pushed week8 work to Github, updated TimeLog.md file and started working on Professional Development presentation | 3 | |
| 10/31/2020| Started with week9 readings and videos | 5 | |
| 11/1/2020| Started working on the activities and the exercise | 3 | |
| | |  | |
| WEEK 10 Activities | |  | |
| 11/2/2020| Worked on week9 exercise | 3 | |
| 11/3/2020| Worked on week9 exercise | 3 | |
| 11/4/2020| Finished week9 exercise in creating a web service and attended weekly webex class | 8 | |
| | |  | |
| WEEK 11 Activities | |  | |
| 11/9/2020| Worked on integrating the google maps api in the indie project | 3  | |
| 11/10/2020| Continued working on integrating the google maps and the zip code API's in the indie project | 3  | |
| 11/11/2020| Worked on week10 activity, provided feedbacks for professional development presentations and updated Timelog.md file | 5  | |
| 11/11/2020| Finalized on the team project and conceptualized the idea | 3  | |
| 11/12/2020| Met with the team on Discord.com and searched for API's to use in the team project | 4  | |
| 11/13/2020| Searched for API's and found 3 API's that are to be consumed in the team project | 4  | |
| 11/14/2020| Initial implementation of web service's classes for team project | 5 | |
| | |  | |
| WEEK 12 Activities| |  | |
| 11/15/2020| Implemented the tests for the 3 web service API Dao's in team project | 5 | |
| 11/16/2020| Worked on the index and results page for the team project | 4 | |
| 11/17/2020| Worked on the results page to fix the display | 4  | |
| 11/18/2020| Fixed the display for results.jsp, attended class on webex and did team project presentation | 4 | |
| 11/19/2020 to 11/22/2020| Implemented different features in the team project like w3.css styling in jsp pages, moved the API keys to a properties file, improvised on the service calling | 15 | |
| | |  | |
| WEEK 13 Activities| |  | |
| 11/23/2020| Resumed working on the indie project. Started implementing the google maps | 6 | |
| 11/24/2020| Looked into resources on implementing the maps | 3 | |
| 11/25/2020| Watched the videos on youtube related to google maps implementation | 4 | |
| 11/26/2020| Implemented on displaying the spots on the JSP page | 4 | |
| 11/27/2020| Worked on the Daos to carry the above functionality | 4 | |
| 11/28/2020| Implemented the unit tests for the Daos | 4 | |
| | |  | |
| WEEK 14 Activities| |  | |
| 11/29/2020| Started reading material and watching videos for week 13 exercise | 3 | |
| 11/30/2020| Worked on week13 exercise, which was asynchronous messaging | 3 | |
| 12/01/2020| Worked on implementing the listener class to also act as a producer | 4 | |
| 12/02/2020| Finished week13 exercise, attended webex class | 4 | |
| 12/03/2020 to 12/05/2020| Worked on Indie project, some JSP pages and W3.CSS styling | 10 | |
| | |  | |
| WEEK 15 Activities| |  | |
| 12/06/2020 to 12/09/2020| Worked on showing the spots as markers on the map | 10 | |
| 12/10/2020| Looked into youtube resources on implementing the InfoWindow on the google map api | 3 | |
| 12/11/2020| Looked into google maps api documentation resources on implementing the InfoWindow on the google map api | 3 | |
| 12/12/2020| Worked on implementing the InfoWindow functionality on the google map api | 3 | |
| | |  | |
| WEEK 16 Activities| |  | |
| 12/13/2020| Worked on implementing the login and logout functionality | 3 | |
| 12/14/2020| Worked on implementing the User Registration functionality | 3 | |
| 12/15/2020| Finished implementing the W3.CSS styling for the above pages | 4 | |
| 12/16/2020| Worked on performing the CRUD operations through UI | 4 | |
| 12/17/2020| Updated the TimeLog.md file and added new screen shots for the actual designs | 1 | |
